Movies in Short here.
Today, I will summarize the first season of
a 2021 Korean, Drama, Mystery TV-Series called
“Squid Game”.
The series explores the struggles of poor
people in debt who barely make ends meet and
the lines they are willing to cross to get
high amounts of money.
Sit back, relax and enjoy!
Seong Gi-hun is down on his luck, having accumulated
enormous debts with loan sharks.
At a train station, he is asked by a well-dressed
man to play a game of ddakji, similar to the
1990s game of Pogs, for money.
The man gives Gi-hun a card, inviting him
to play games with higher stakes.
Gi-hun accepts, is knocked unconscious, and
taken to a mysterious location with 455 other
players who awaken in a dormitory and are
identified by numbers on their tracksuits.
The location is managed by masked staff in
pink jumpsuits and overseen by the Front Man,
masked in black.
The players are all in dire financial straits
and will be given billions of Won in prize
money if they win six games over six days.
Gi-hun befriends Player 001, an elderly man,
and recognizes among the players Cho Sang-woo,
a former classmate and businessman, and Player
067, a pickpocket who stole his money.
The first game is Red Light, Green Light,
a children’s game where one person commands
those behind them to run by saying “Green
Light” and hold still by saying “Red Light”.
Anyone caught moving during a red light phase
loses the game.
In this version of the game, however, those
who are caught don’t just lose... they are
killed on the spot.
Gi-hun is saved from falling by Player 199,
a Pakistani foreign worker, and is able to
complete the game.
More than half of the players are killed in
the first game, and a few horrified survivors
beg to leave.
According to the third clause of the game's
agreement, if the majority vote to end the
games, all players will be sent home, but
no money will be given.
The players vote, and Player 001's deciding
vote has all of them sent home safely.
Gi-hun goes to the police but no one believes
him except Detective Hwang Jun-ho, whose missing
brother received the same invitation card
as Gi-hun.
All players are given the chance to return
to the games and many do so due to desperation,
including Gi-hun, whose mother needs surgery;
Sang-woo, who is about to be arrested for
financial fraud; Player 001, who has terminal
brain cancer; Player 067, who wishes to exfiltrate
her parents from North Korea and get her little
brother out of the orphanage; Player 199,
who attacked and gravely wounded his boss
for withholding his wages for months; and
Player 101 (real name Jang Deok-Su), a gangster
on the run from gambling debts.
Jun-ho secretly follows Gi-hun when he is
picked up by the game staff.
Jun-ho successfully infiltrates the games
by taking out one of the masked workers and
using his identity as worker “Number 29”.
It is revealed that the location of the games
is on a remote island.
That night, Player 067 asks to use the restroom
and sneaks through the vents to investigate.
She sees the masked workers making something
with large amounts of sugar.
The next morning, the players are now more
prepared and start forming alliances.
Gi-hun, Sang-woo, Player 001, and Player 199
team up.
In the second game, the players are to pick
a stamped shape out of Dalgona, a popular
treat amongst kids that’s made in ladles
over small burners on the streets of many
Korean cities.
Sang-woo recognizes the game after learning
about it from Player 067, but doesn't warn
his teammates and tells everyone to pick different
shapes and then chooses the simplest shape
for himself.
Gi-hun ends up picking the most difficult
shape, an umbrella, but is able to complete
the game by licking the honeycomb to melt
it.
Player 212, a rowdy, mysterious, and manipulative
woman, helps Deok-Su complete the game with
a smuggled lighter.
A scared player takes a masked staff member
hostage and forces him to unmask himself.
Shocked that the staff member is no older
than a college student, the player kills himself
and the staff member is killed for revealing
his identity.
Player 111, a doctor, secretly works with
a handful of staff to harvest organs from
dead players to sell on the black market in
return for information on upcoming games.
Gi-hun realizes that Sang-woo knew what the
Dalgona game was, but remained quiet.
The staff foment discord among the players
to weed out the weak ones.
Deok-Su kills another player over food, which
results in the prize money being increased.
Player 111 asks to join Deok-Su’s group
after revealing that he has knowledge of the
next game.
After lights out, a riot erupts and numerous
players are killed.
Player 067 joins Gi-hun's team, who protect
her from Deok-Su's gang.
When Player 001 begs everyone to stop, the
Front Man ends the riot.
Gi-hun's team exchange names to build trust:
Player 199 is Ali Abdul, and Player 067 is
Kang Sae-byeok.
Player 001, who is suffering from a brain
tumor, has trouble remembering his name.
In the third game, players are told to form
groups of 10.
Sae-byeok recruits Player 240, a girl close
to her age.
Deok-Su, who learned from the doctor that
the upcoming game is tug of war, picks strong
men and rejects Player 212 (real name Han
Mi-nyeo), who joins Gi-hun's team.
Despite having weaker players, Gi-hun's team
is able to win their tug of war match with
Player 001 and Sang-woo's strategies and quick
thinking.
Anticipating another riot, they build a barricade
and spend the night taking turns on guard
but Deok-Su's team doesn't attack.
Jun-ho learns about the conspiracy with Player
111 for black market organ harvesting, as
the staff member whose identity he stole was
part of it.
The Front Man catches them and executes everyone
involved in the conspiracy, including Player
111.
Their bodies are strung up for all players
to see and the players receive an apology,
as Player 111 had an unfair advantage and
the games pride themselves on treating everyone
as equals no matter their status in the outside
world.
Meanwhile, Jun-Ho’s identity has been compromised
by one of the organ dealers.
Jun-Ho confronts the man using his gun and
asks for information regarding his missing
brother.
He tells him that the man with the black mask
keeps all information of previous players.
Jun-Ho executes the man and leaves.
Some time later, The Front Man finds the dead
organ dealer with a bullet in the head and
he deduces that the bullet came from a Smith
and Wesson M60 revolver, which only the police
force use.
He begins a facility-wide manhunt for Jun-ho,
who later breaks into the Front Man's office
and learns that the game has been running
for over 30 years, and that his brother Hwang
In-ho was the winner in 2015.
For the fourth game, players are told to pair
up.
Sang-woo, who is close with Ali, picks him;
Gi-hun, who has a soft spot for Player 001,
chooses him; Player 240 picks Sae-byeok.
Expecting that they will be working with their
partner, the players are horrified to learn
that they will actually be playing against
their partner in a marble game of their choice,
and whoever gets all their partner's marbles
within 30 minutes will win and survive.
Sae-byeok and Player 240 (real name Ji Yeong)
talk about their lives, and Ji Yeong decides
that Sae-byeok has more to live for.
Ji Yeong intentionally loses in the marble
game and gets killed, leaving Sae-byeok devastated.
Sang-woo tricks Ali into giving up his marbles
and wins, though he is similarly distressed
when Ali dies.
Gi-hun, about to lose, turns the game around
by using Player 001's failing memory against
him, even though doing so unnerves him.
Player 001 reveals that he knew Gi-hun was
tricking him the whole time, but allows Gi-hun
to win anyway as Gi-hun is his GGanbu or trusted
friend.
Before being killed, 001 remembers his name:
Oh Il-nam.
Gi-hun, Sang-woo, and Sae-byeok are traumatized
by the deaths of their partners.
Player 069, who defeated his wife in the marble
game, is heartbroken and commits suicide.
Foreign VIP guests arrive and are welcomed
by the Front Man on behalf of his boss, who
is the host.
The VIPs are wealthy patrons who gamble on
the games and watch them live.
Jun-ho, now posing as one of the masked servants,
is sexually propositioned by a VIP.
In a private room, he attacks the VIP and
interrogates him for info, recording the man's
confession about the games and everything
happening on the remote island, before escaping
the island in scuba gear.
The Front Man sees him and gives chase.
In the fifth game, the players have 16 minutes
to cross a high bridge made of panels of either
tempered glass or normal glass which cannot
support their weight.
Most players at the front of the line fall
to their deaths as the panels are tested.
When Deok-Su gets to the front, he refuses
to move, despite the clock ticking.
Mi-nyeo grabs him and, as revenge for betraying
her, takes him down with her to their deaths.
Sang-woo angrily pushes Player 017 when he
takes too long, killing him to reveal the
last trick panel.
Gi-hun, Sang-woo, and Sae-byeok are the only
three to complete the game.
As finalists, Gi-hun, Sang-woo, and Sae-byeok
are given a change of clothes and a fancy
steak dinner.
It is revealed that Sae-byeok was badly wounded
in the previous game, having been stabbed
by a piece of glass when the bridge shattered,
and is swiftly bleeding out.
When dinner is cleared, each of them is left
with a knife.
After lights out, Gi-hun, now realizing Sang-woo
will go to any length to win, plans to kill
Sang-woo in his sleep but Sae-byeok stops
him and tells him he is better than that.
Gi-hun suggests they team up against Sang-woo.
A weakened Sae-byeok instead makes Gi-hun
promise that whoever wins the game will look
after the other's loved ones.
Sae-byeok's injuries worsen, prompting a desperate
Gi-hun to call for help, but she dies before
the staff arrive; it is revealed that Sang-woo
stabbed and killed her when Gi-hun was away.
Furious and heartbroken, Gi-hun attempts to
attack Sang-woo, but the guards knock them
both down.
Jun-ho makes it to the other island but is
quickly tracked down by the Front Man and
the staff.
To Jun-ho's shock, the Front Man reveals himself
to be his brother, In-ho.
He then shoots Jun-ho and lets him fall into
the sea, seemingly killing him.
The final game is the eponymous Squid game.
After a long and brutal fight in the rain,
Gi-hun defeats Sang-woo but refuses to complete
the game.
He invokes the third clause to end the game
so that he and Sang-woo can leave alive, but
Sang-woo kills himself after asking Gi-hun
to use the prize money to help Sang-woo's
mother.
Gi-hun, after suffering an emotional breakdown,
returns home to find that his own mother has
passed away.
A year later, Gi-hun is still traumatized
by his experience, which is why he has barely
touched his prize money.
One night, he receives a game invitation card;
to his shock, he finds Oh Il-nam (Player 001)
still alive but sick and dying.
Oh Il-nam is revealed to be the mastermind
behind the game, which he created to entertain
the bored ultra-rich like himself, trying
to find a way to derive enjoyment from life
and testing whether humanity had any innate
goodness left in it.
He reminds Gi-hun that the participants sacrificed
each other for the sake of earning the money
for themselves.
The specific games are based on Oh Il-nam's
childhood, and he had participated himself
for nostalgia's sake.
Oh Il-nam asks Gi-hun to play one last game
with him, another test to see if humanity
has goodness left.
He points at a homeless man on the street
and says that if nobody helps the man by the
time the clock strikes midnight then he wins,
if somebody helps the man before then, Gi-hun
wins.
As the clock is about to reach midnight, a
woman in a police patrol car stops to help
the homeless man.
Gi-hun wins and Oh Il-nam dies, presumably
after witnessing his loss.
Finally snapping out of his stupor, Gi-hun
fulfills his promises to Sae-byeok and Sang-woo.
He is about to leave the country to reconnect
with his daughter in Los Angeles but sees
someone playing ddakji with the same game
recruiter who invited him.
He angrily snatches the man's card away and
tells him to stay away.
Before boarding his plane, he calls the number
on the card and asks them who they are.
The Front Man instead curtly orders him to
get on the plane.
Gi-hun instead ends the call and stays in
Seoul, now fully determined to expose the
people behind the games.
Thanks for watching!
If you’ve enjoyed the video and want to
see more, please consider subscribing and
turning on the notification bell.
It helps a lot.
Thanks and see you again very soon!